# Week (Saturday 4/20 - Saturday 4/27)
- Received all of our hardware on Saturday:
    - Arduino R4 Wifi
    - MyoWare 2.0 Muscle Development Kit
    - Vibration motors
    - Storage box
    - EMG sensor 
- On Thursday, Elijah and I met in ECE lab:
    - Got Arduino R4 working and reading muscle activity from the forearms to plot on serial plotter.
    - Wrote code to vibrate motor at a constant value.
    - Wrote code to vibrate motor when EMG readings went above a certain value.
        - Added delays to make vibration turn on/off after comfortable delay.
    - Got Redboard Plus working and reading muscle activity the same way.
        - This allows us to have one board read signals and another board transmitting vibration action.
        - **Troubleshooting notes**: The Redboard Plus interfaces with Arduino IDE as an Arduino Uno or SparkFun Redboard. 
            - Spent some time debugging because we thought "Redboard Artemis" was the board. Some errors caused by this were suggesting that there was something wrong with the bootloader but it was really the board name we selected.
            - The Redboard gives you some red text in the terminal output but this is just warning and can be ignored, according to several Arduino forums.
    - **Design notes**: 
        - We are hesitant to start using the sticky pads for the EMG sensor that improve electrical conductivity because it does not seem like we have that many.
        - We did not need the sticky pads to measure from the forearm but reading from the Masseter muscle seemed harder to do without sticky pads.