# Week (Saturday 4/20 - Saturday 4/27)
- Received all of our hardware on Saturday:
    - Arduino R4 Wifi
    - MyoWare 2.0 Muscle Development Kit
    - Vibration motors
    - Storage box
    - EMG sensor 
- On Thursday, Elijah and I met in ECE lab:
    - Got Arduino R4 working and reading muscle activity from the forearms to plot on serial plotter.
    - Wrote code to vibrate motor at a constant value.
    - Wrote code to vibrate motor when EMG readings went above a certain value.
        - Added delays to make vibration turn on/off after comfortable delay.
    - Got Redboard Plus working and reading muscle activity the same way.
        - This allows us to have one board read signals and another board transmitting vibration action.
        - **Troubleshooting notes**: The Redboard Plus interfaces with Arduino IDE as an Arduino Uno or SparkFun Redboard. 
            - Spent some time debugging because we thought "Redboard Artemis" was the board. Some errors caused by this were suggesting that there was something wrong with the bootloader but it was really the board name we selected.
            - The Redboard gives you some red text in the terminal output but this is just warning and can be ignored, according to several Arduino forums.
    - **Design notes**: 
        - We are hesitant to start using the sticky pads for the EMG sensor that improve electrical conductivity because it does not seem like we have that many.
        - We did not need the sticky pads to measure from the forearm but reading from the Masseter muscle seemed harder to do without sticky pads.
- Instructions for set-up:
    - Follow this [link](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/redboard-plus-hookup-guide?_ga=2.120864136.1431550993.1714270169-1710652408.1701453927) for set-up of the Redboard Plus that comes with the MyoWare development kit. If you are using Arduino UNO, you may skip this.
    - Use this [tutorial](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/getting-started-with-the-myoware-20-muscle-sensor-ecosystem/introduction) to get started with the MyoWare sensor kit. 
        - For the example we chose to implement [here](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/getting-started-with-the-myoware-20-muscle-sensor-ecosystem/arduino-example-1-analog-read---single-sensor), you will need a microcontroller with Arduino Uno R3 footprint, the MyoWare 2.0 Arduino Shield, MyoWare 2.0 Link Shield, a MyoWare 2.0 Muscle Sensor, and a 3.5mm TRS-to-TRS cable.
        - Follow the example we linked for visuals on how each of the parts are connected. We have uploaded the example code from the example in `arduino_myoware/code`.
        - Use the Serial Plotter to view the data coming in. The Serial Plotter just reads the data coming in from the output box so if we want to make use of the data, we need to figure out also how to read from the Arduino IDE output box.
        - **Troubleshooting notes**: 
            - The baud needs to be set to 115200 in order to read and convert the results into plotter format. The baud rate is the read rate the computer uses to read data from the microcontroller. Since the microcontroller is sending data at a rate of 115200, you need to set the computer to read at the same rate to make sense of the information.
            - The muscle sensor placement matters if we want good, consistent movement-to-EMG readings. Test out a few locations and press the sensor against the forearm muscle.